<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE concept PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Concept//EN" "concept.dtd">
<concept id="concept_someid">
    <title>Principles of Operation</title>
    <shortdesc>Notes for Developers about the conversion tool's architecture and algorithms. As you learn things that other developers and contributors should know, please log those observations here.</shortdesc>
    <conbody>
        <p>{paragraph content}</p>
        <section>
            <title>General</title>
            <p>The goal for this conversion is getting as much information from the DITA document 
                        into the oManual format (input for the Dozuki publishing system) as easily as possible.
                        Therefore this transform uses pull templates to model the full schema.
                        When using pull-based transforms, some elements in the result tree could end up empty,
                        but this has the advantage of faithfully enforcing the required structure of the result.</p>
        </section>
        <section>
            <title>Comments</title>
            <ol>
                <li>The image field of a category represents the banner image.  
                Dozuki import will do the size generation as part of the import process, 
                so authoring best practice is to cite the largest image size available. 
            </li>
<li>Tables and definition lists in DITA currently have no equivalent markup in oManual for conversion to. Currently, a definition list will be turned into a series of paragraphs with the terms in bold markup. Tables are skipped at present for need of a better idea on how to handle their conversion into existing oManual semantics.</li>
            <li>new</li>
        </ol>
    </section>
</conbody>
</concept>
