<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE concept PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Concept//EN" "concept.dtd">
<concept id="bearing">
    <title>DITA to oManual edge case conversions</title>
    <conbody>
        <p>This topic documents the implicit business rules for the various defaults/messages/workarounds for missing or unmatched data. These mappings come from several sources:</p>
<ul>
<li>The data required by the schemas.</li>
<li>Allowed values and patterns for normalizing typed data like dates or model numbers.</li>
<li>Other data as observed or contributed.</li>
</ul>
        <section>
            <title>Required contexts and default dispositions (category)</title>
            <simpletable relcolwidth="1* 3*" keycol="1">
                <sthead>
                    <stentry>XPath:</stentry>
                    <stentry>Disposition:</stentry>
                </sthead>
                <strow>
                    <stentry>category/@locale</stentry>
                    <stentry>Default to 'en' and update from topic/@xml:lang if present.</stentry>
                </strow>
                <strow>
                    <stentry>flag/@title</stentry>
                    <stentry>Default to 'In Migration' and update from map/@status  (not a direct DITA equivalent, so generate message)</stentry>
                </strow>
                <strow>
                    <stentry>guide/@id</stentry>
                    <stentry>Retrieved from DITA map/topic id, or hashed as needed.</stentry>
                </strow>
                <strow>
                    <stentry>guide/@subject</stentry>
                    <stentry>Currently mapped from the topic's title, which is not exactly equivalent. DITA source may have other associational conventions.</stentry>
                </strow>
                <strow>
                    <stentry>guide/@type</stentry>
                    <stentry>Default to 'installation'. Long term, update from keyword match in the title, etc. (such as "Installing the Frammitz")</stentry>
                </strow>
            </simpletable>
        </section>
        <section>
            <title>Required contexts and default dispositions (guide)</title>
            <simpletable relcolwidth="1* 3*" keycol="1">
                <sthead>
                    <stentry>XPath:</stentry>
                    <stentry>Disposition:</stentry>
                </sthead>
                <strow>
                    <stentry>guide/@locale</stentry>
                    <stentry>Default to 'en' and update from topic/@xml:lang if present.</stentry>
                </strow>
                <strow>
                    <stentry>guide/image</stentry>
                    <stentry>Required banner image. 
                        <p>Typically a local image.  If an image doesn't exist, set it to an empty string.
                        <b>Use  i.e. outputclass="banner" on the image element to designate it as a banner image.</b></p>
                        <note>This value is not normally available or obvious in DITA content; can pass non-null default by param (<parmname>guide_default_image_filename</parmname>) to override empty defaults.</note>
	                </stentry>
	            </strow>
                <strow>
                    <stentry>guide/@type</stentry>
                    <stentry>One of 'teardown | replacement | repair' (observed; use the list obtained from finalized spec schemas.)
                        <p>If a type role hasn't been defined in markup, set it to an empty string.
                        <b>Use  i.e. outputclass="repair" on the task element to designate its type.</b></p>
                        <note>This value is not normally available or obvious in DITA content; can pass non-null default by param (<parmname>guide_default_type</parmname>) to override empty defaults.</note>
	                </stentry>
	            </strow>
            <strow>
                <stentry>media/@type</stentry>
                <stentry>One of 'video | image | imbed' according to the contained resource.
                 <!--(*Since this matches the name of the contained element, isn't this attribute redundant?)-->
                 </stentry>
            </strow>
            <strow>
                <stentry>embed/@type</stentry>
                <stentry>One of 'photo | video | link | rich' (oEmbed standard values)</stentry>
            </strow>
            <strow>
                <stentry>embed/@version</stentry>
                <stentry>'1.0' (oEmbed sole value)</stentry>
            </strow>
            <strow>
                <stentry>tool/@name</stentry>
                <stentry>Tool name (good candidate for retrieving from a controlled vocabulary)</stentry>
            </strow>
            <strow>
                <stentry>part/@name</stentry>
                <stentry>Part name (same rationale for validated values)</stentry>
            </strow>
            <strow>
                <stentry>part/@quantity</stentry>
                <stentry>Part quantity (1 or more; if empty on import, will be set to 1)</stentry>
            </strow>
            <strow>
                <stentry>flag/@title	</stentry>
                <stentry>Synonym for 'status', and suggests a need to be validated against an external enumerated values list.</stentry>
            </strow>
            <strow>
                <stentry>document/@url</stentry>
	                <stentry>An atomic property. Any object (link, xref, download, image) with an address URL should require that property.
	                <note>If the document URL is local, it should be a relative path to the attached document.</note>
	            </stentry>
	        </strow>
        <strow>
            <stentry>prerequisite/@id</stentry>
            <stentry>Identity for referencing
                                <note>This can be anything, this will be replaced on upload.</note>
        </stentry>
    </strow>
    <strow>
        <stentry>prerequisite/@locale</stentry>
        <stentry>Same rule as guide/@locale. In effect, this is a typed link to a guide typed by what points to it. (blown head)</stentry>
    </strow>
    <strow>
        <stentry>prerequisite/@path</stentry>
        <stentry>Address for referencing
                    <note>Relative path to the prerequisite guide xml file</note>
    </stentry>
</strow>
<strow>
    <stentry>step/@number</stentry>
    <stentry>A pregenerated sequence counter starting from 1 (string type)</stentry>
</strow>
<strow>
    <stentry>video/encoding/@url</stentry>
    <stentry>Address of video resource (like a param of DITA's object element). In fact, all encoding attributes are required</stentry>
</strow>
</simpletable>
</section>
<section>
    <title>Messages for user action</title>
    <simpletable relcolwidth="1* 3*" keycol="1">
        <sthead>
            <stentry>Msgnum:</stentry>
            <stentry>Explanation:</stentry>
        </sthead>
        <strow>
            <stentry>{msgnum}</stentry>
            <stentry>{desc}</stentry>
        </strow>
    </simpletable>
</section>
</conbody>
</concept>
