<!DOCTYPE task PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Task//EN" "task.dtd">
<task id="asdfsadf">
<title>Marking a 116/616 backing paper without a pattern</title>
<taskbody>
<prereq>If you don't have a pattern paper, here's the physical plan
for numbering a new backing paper for 116/616 film:</prereq>
<steps>
<step>Each
backing is about 2 and 13/16" wide and 69" long (refer to the backing
paper table for general lead-in, lead-out dimensions). Measure the
width to
the spool you have on hand before you cut; if your cut is slightly too
wide, it can't be trimmed easily.</step>
<step>Trim the ends to a
short taper with a 1" long tongue just wide enough for the spool slots.
Tape the paper (assuming the use of Exeter paper) shiny side up to a table for measuring and marking the
numbers and guide marks.</step>
<step>The taped end of the film
will go 17" from the lead end of the paper--put a mark here to center
your tape on. Given the 1m length of film, the end of the film will be
about 57" down from the lead end. This end-of-film mark is optional,
but its nice to see it go by in the red window as a progress indicator
when winding!</step>
<step>From the tape mark, measure down 5.5"
and place a mark for the first frame number. Then measure 4.6" at a
time from there and place repeating markers for 7 more frames. I have a
card sized to this length that I just move from mark to mark--any
accumulated discrepancy is minor.</step>
<step>With the leader end
to your left, at each frame marker location use the white pen to put a
vertical sequence of each frame number about 3 or 4 times from the top
edge down for about 1 inch. This accomodates non-standard window
placement on various brands of cameras. If doing this for just one
camera, you can place the one number at the right distance down as
measured from the camera.</step>
</steps>
<result>That's it! Let the markings dry, then spool it up and go to
work.</result>
</taskbody>
</task>